there the river below is very beautiful we are at the bottom
Uncle Kuzi is flying
I have long wanted to ask the river because
my fall fall so it turns out
that the river flows and does not end a
my fill is filled but over the edge
rushing good question what
let's think think of a mountain river
where did it flow from the glacier
and from which the glacier came from snow and snow
from where from the sky from the cloud
just don't ask me please
where the snow came from I don’t know
I'll tell you a cloud of snow and rain
from the sea from the lake from the river from the surface
land have never seen rain
up one must bag from earth to heaven and not
did you have to observe such a picture
after the rain the sun burns
and from the grass the steam rises had to
here's the rain upside down just
same water under the sun evaporates with
surface of the seas and oceans
steam rises high into the sky and there
going to clouds and clouds
and then the clouds are shed by rain and snow
snow falls on the mountain turns into ice
the river flows from the glacier then water again
evaporates understood so the water and turns
down up down exactly it is spinning
the phenomenon is called the water cycle in
nature and because of such a cycle the water
in the river and it does not end great to me even
with a whirlwind rhyme on the mountain
snow fell from the clouds and melted under the sun
burning down the slope in not
a mountain river flowed past the glacier
evaporated into the sea and all over again
repeated very accurately noted
chevostik and between us